PolarChart: Update series.border topic (#7615)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPolarChart/5 Series Types/CommonPolarChartSeries/border/border.md

dxPolarChartSeriesTypes.areapolarseries,dxPolarChartSeriesTypes.barpolarseries,dxPolarChartSeriesTypes.stackedbarpolarseries

> 

Reviewer: Please update line 7 (above) as follows:

`An object that defines the series border configuration properties.`

---

You can configure **border** settings in the following objects:

- [commonSeriesSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/)    
Configures the **border** object for all supported series.
- **commonSeriesSettings**.[area](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/#area), **commonSeriesSettings**.[bar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/#bar), **commonSeriesSettings**.[stackedbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPolarChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/#stackedbar)    

> Configures the **border** object for all series of a specific type. Overwrites **border** configuration in **commonSeriesSettings**.

Reviewer: Since this definition/description is for multiple objects on line 18, I think we should change "Configures" to the base form "Configure":

```suggestion
Configure the **border** object for all series of a specific type. These objects overwrite **border** configuration in **commonSeriesSettings**.
```
